and so it is to help you out here with
some of the aspects of the questions so
you'd gone into full-time coaching in
you do need to be able to acquire
clients and get some paying clients but
that doesn't necessarily happen right
away right so talk to people about you
when we had our prep session came up
this idea about like your culminating in
you talked about that even in the sense
of being a victim for yourself so a
little bit about that idea of how you
take responsibility in your concept of
cultivating the cultivating a garden in
how this helps you in in building your
business
it with your building it right yeah I
mean we can use it to me quite a while
to talk about this because I'll see the
suspension the yummy Facebook group
people say have posted my course why
isn't selling and what I'm saying
straight away in my mind is like well
what marketing you doing how are you
selling it does it doesn't sell itself
what did you think was going to happen
but then I realized cause you know this
is their victim versus responsibility
mindset so when we look at a victim was
saying that the world should give it to
me that as always I'm goods deserve to
get things or the world's not gonna give
to me because I'm a terrible person
either way it's just kind of sitting
back passively waiting for sure to have
somebody take responsibility goes you
know it's my job to get this done and
responsibility is not the same as taking
the blame blame is like a real shame
basting like things go wrong it's my
fault that's not taking responsibility
responsibility is going to go wrong it's
my job to deal with things go wrong it's
my job to do something I'm not going to
sit and wait for somebody else to do the
job I'm gonna get into it it's so if we
apply this to you to me like when I saw
the kind of unique concept I thought sky
called that they do promotion for you
and stuff
well the whole time as soon as I put my
program to get them thinking I'm the one
is going to launch this new one is good
to sell it on the one is going to
promote I'm gonna get out there and get
uncomfortable and tell people about the
program and have people say no all that
kind of stuff and I mean animal practice
and that's one of the reasons I turned
off the promotions is dads now you
dummies promotions special that Black
Friday 10 just like giving away free
sort of thing and I now this release are
not cool with me and I realize now I'm I
don't want them to do it for me I want
to do it myself you know I love the
platform as they can you know they like
to talk to I'm really happy for ciliates
and stuff i dead I love that means more
people get the message I just don't
wanna being thrown around and devalued
because of that you know I want people
understands that what they getting as as
well as something and I want to have
this high standard for myself and that's
taken responsibility and that means that
short-term pain so somebody putting a
course on you know me that well I just
tried the course post up there now do
nothing else and just wait for the money
to roller that's a really pass of the
minds it approached this you gonna have
to keep your hands duty if you want to
really happen you don't have to go out
there and generate an audience you gonna
have to go out there and approach people
one is it time stuff though not the
community and you gonna have to provide
values those people for free without
expectation over to just because it's
the right thing to do you know these are
the concepts of business that I really
wish I had been taught at the stop but
now you know you can handle it when you
learned it does this is huge for me in
when we talk about growing a garden is
realizing that my community is going to
be made up of people who I have provided
value to that's so people are going to
want more of me because what I've given
them as valuable to them and so it's
like planting seeds you know I find
people to give value to find a way to
give them value and then I just keep
doing that and more seats get planted
now the people who align well with what
I'm doing the people with the same
values as me they applaud you know they
grow they they will reciprocate
reciprocate by
buying products or promoting the or just
giving me good feedback or just even
participating in what I do which I find
really rewarding and so the gun stuff to
grow sell some people do not really
blossom they stand out and those are the
people who get the most of my attention
you know those are my high-value clients
as the people I take the best care off
and forgive my you know my most of my
energy and I don't I don't spend time on
seeds in heaven ground Utah I just keep
looking for higher quality people to
bring into the garden so ya know when
your people to give more attention who
so if if this she doesn't Germany right
away
does that mean that you just discarded
and you say well that's just the Dead
Sea want someone to my community I take
care of them whether they want me to not
like I get to the point where I wanted
to tell me to go away you know I had
this is actually a coach of a coach
doesn't matter guy Steve channel Olson
coach and somebody is asking hey when do
you stop trying to seem somebody value
and he got a piece of paper in his
writing on Friday he held it up and it
said restraining order he said when you
see one of these that's when you start
and end up those are great examples like
all seen someone value until they tell
me to go away that's when I know they're
really not a good fit for me and I
learned this because there are some
people I'm coaching right now so the
high-value clients of mine I met them
over a year and a half two years ago and
I've been silent the entire time just
watching me from the background reading
my emails read my blog post watching my
videos
secretly trying to build up the courage
or the responsibility mind frame to
reach out to me and when they do you
know by the time they do the border
receive so much value from me that
there's no convincing or selling I have
to do they just already you know they're
already dubbing per my community this
whole time and they appreciate that I
didn't give up
you know there are others who might make
a lot of noise nursing a drain on you
you know that's a different story
against this somebody's taking up a lot
of time and energy and that that's a
plan that's like a weed it's kind of a
big thing you god I'm not saying that
these are bad people are saying the
wrong shit for your community you know
and identifying those and kind of
pushing them so likely save somebody's
trying to get a lot of sort of free
support by email right so the cinema
lots and lots of questions and stuff
they're not really reciprocating any of
the value that is trying to take as much
from me as possible
them to take actions now push them to
invest in themselves or invest in
something and when I don't do it I get
this warning sign like actually maybe
they're not right
alright for me and I'll start by sending
off the kind of energy that I'm giving
to all part of just maintain their
garden but the ability to lit seeds grow
in their own time by just constantly
watering and fertilizing them taking
good care of the plants have grown and
focusing on your energy on those and
then occasionally having to wait this
place